DOCSP-30203 Suggested Mapping Rules Are Previewed (#36)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/mapping-rules/new-rules-suggested-mappings.txt

      These mapping rules are not added to your project until you click the 
      :guilabel:`Apply` button.

>       - If the collection entity doesn't exist, it is added to the 

Reviewer: I think we only allow suggesting from existing collections. What is the action being desscribed here?

Author: On reading this again, I think it makes more sense to remove both bullet points. I think the original note directive covers this effectively.

>       - If the collection entity does not exist, it is added to the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - If the collection entity doesn't exist, it is added to the 
```
